welcome to the League of Legends
champion spotlight featuring lease in
the blind monk Lee sin as a melee
fighter he rushes around battle dealing
consistent damage with his attacks and
abilities alternatively he can dash in
and out of combat dealing damage in
short bursts before retreating Lee sin
uses energy to fuel his abilities
meaning he's limited more by cooldowns
and maximum energy than by regeneration
his three non ultimate abilities are
actually two skills in one after using
each skill the secondary version is
available for a few seconds sonic wave /
resonating strike sends out a skill-shot
nuke if it hits an enemy lee sin may
dash to that target damaging it and
dealing extra damage based on the
targets missing health with safeguards /
iron will leeson rushes to target allied
minion or champion shielding it and
himself when he arrives you may also
self cast the ability to receive the
shield without dashing afterwards Lisa
and may cast iron will which temporarily
gives him increased lifesteal spell vamp
and armor Tempest / cripple damages
nearby enemies and reveals them for a
few seconds Lisa and may then cast
cripple slowing the movement and attack
speeds of nearby targets hit by Tempest
this slow gradually dies out over its
duration lee sin's ultimate is dragons
rage target enemy champion is damaged
and knocked back enemies struck by the
rebounding champion also take damage and
are knocked into the air Lee sins
passive is flurry following every
ability cast lease ends next to basic
attacks are faster and refund 10 energy
each this buff does not stack upon
itself so spacing out your abilities
will maximize your gains taking sonic
wave at level 1 i'm able to easily
harass fiddlesticks whenever I get the
chance I force him back away from the
minions denying experience using
safeguard I moved to a position where I
can land another sonic wave once he
burns terrify I know it can die for the
kill with exhaust
the turret kills me but it was worth it
because I said so in chat this
harassment gets even easier once you
learn tempest / cripple I wait patiently
killing minions once I see Fiddlesticks
move to close to escape I know I can
rush in for the kill sonic wave to
resonating strike plus a quick tempest
puts me at two to one one of the best
advantages that Lee sin has with iron
will and wriggles Lantern is life steal
here I recklessly dive Fiddlesticks
under his turret knowing full well that
I can't kill him I simply disengage and
generate my health on minions ready to
fight again soon I'm able to spring a
trap from the brush killing Fiddlesticks
I find the team fight in progress
landing sonic wave / resonating strike I
deal as much damage as i can to Katarina
while slowing here with tempest /
crippled as she escapes I used dragons
rage on Lee sin to knock Katarina into
the air I would have picked up the kill
with tempest but Heimerdinger grabs the
kill with his rockets once a muumuu
initiates I jump on the fiddle sticks
quickly with sonic wave / resonating
strike and noticing that I pulled tower
aggro I run away with the shield from
safeguard always remember that safeguard
lets you escape to a nearby teammate
here the enemy Lee sin tries to kick me
back into his team with dragons rage
right as he starts casting it I dash in
front of him with safeguard causing him
to push me to safety instead safeguard
may also be cast as an initiation move
here we catch Warwick off to the side by
safeguard to the nearest minion cast
exhaust and chase him down with tempest
flash cripple I last hit with dragons
rage Justin Casey struts channeling
infinite duress on one of us some may
say that this was a kill steal but for
lease in the blind monk every kill is
his to take a team fight erupts in the
enemy base I make a point to kick away
Katarina with dragons range immediately
chasing her and the enemy Lee sin I
follow my team back in for Alistair but
as soon as I see myself low i
immediately try to safeguard out of the
battle we start another fight in mid i
prioritize Katarina right away using my
energy on the offensive spells of sonic
wave / resonating strike and tempest /
cripple
I then chased down Alistair using
tempest left crippled to slow him he
gets one head butt off before running
out of men at due to wit's end because
he flashes away I chased with a ghost
with his man is still too low to react I
pick up the kill with exhaust
immediately afterwards I get attacked
but tempest slap cripple ensures I
chased down the enemy least in while I
play Leeson in Lane he can also jungle
in the background I'll show his jungle
route to level 5 while detailing his
laning and juggling builds while laning
I take armor penetration marks armor per
level seals magic resist per level
glyphs and flat health regeneration
quintessences in the jungle i trade my
seals for flat armor and my
quintessences for more armor penetration
my landing masteries are 22 62 taking
almost everything the critical damage in
offense plus resistances and defense and
improving my exhaust and ghost summoner
spells in the jungle I take similar 2109
masteries replacing exhaust for smite
and ensuring i reach nine points utility
for increased buff durations my laning
skill order maxes out sonic wave as soon
as possible taking an early point in
tempest at level 3 but otherwise maxing
safeguard in the jungle I swapped the
order maxing tempest first with a point
in sonic wave at four when jungling I
start with just a vampiric scepter
taking a cloth armor when I first go
back to base otherwise follow the laning
build as follows start with cloth armor
and health potions I grabbed wriggles
Lantern mercury treads and wits end
early on frozen mallet yo Moo's
ghostblade and guardian angel add to my
durability and damage rounding out my
items to watch the April Fool spotlight
click on the box in the top right
subscribe to the Riot Games YouTube
channel by clicking the box in the top
left thanks for tuning into the lease in
the blind monk champion spotlight leeson
is actually coming to league of legends
on april first 2011
you